Release: v0.3.5 (#577)
databricks/databricks-vscode: packages/databricks-sdk-js/CHANGELOG.md

# Release: v0.3.5

## packages/databricks-sdk-js

## <small>0.3.5 (2023-03-17)</small>

> -   Patch: Updated SDK to use latest OpenAPI spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Feature: Updated SDK to use latest OpenAPI spec, which adds support for SQL execution and model serving APIs.
```
